clarify what it means to 'usually' evaluate in that order (#9547)
scala/scala: spec/06-expressions.md

i.e. the application of an `apply` method defined by ´f´. The value `´f´` is applicable to the given arguments if `´f´.apply` is applicable.

> Evaluation of `´f´(´e_1 , \ldots , e_n´)` first entails evaluation of

Reviewer: What does it mean to first entail?
```suggestion
Evaluation of `´f´(´e_1 , \ldots , e_n´)` entails evaluation of
```

Also something weird with double spaces in this paragraph.
What an unusual PR!

> ´f´ and ´e_1 , \ldots , e_n´ in that order, unless it corresponds to a by-name
> parameter (see below).  Each argument expression is converted to the type of its

Reviewer 2: how about:
```suggestion
´f´ and ´e_1 , \ldots , e_n´ in that order, except for arguments that correspond to a by-name
parameter (see below).  Each argument expression is converted to the type of its
```

> below).  Each argument expression is converted to the type of its corresponding formal parameter.
> After that, the application is rewritten to the function's right hand side, with
> actual arguments substituted for formal parameters.  The result of evaluating

Reviewer: Are those double spaces intentional? And are they rendered as such?

```suggestion
below). Each argument expression is converted to the type of its corresponding formal parameter.
After that, the application is rewritten to the function's right hand side, with
actual arguments substituted for formal parameters. The result of evaluating
```

Author: There already were double spaces and I kept it that way. I assume they're not rendered.

Author: The text was already double-spaced. I kept in the same style. I assume they're not rendered differently than single spaces.

Whether there should be one or two spaces behind a period is, I believe, the tabs vs spaces of typesetting.

Reviewer 3: It's the new "generation gap". Someone just emailed me that she tries to remember not to double space because it "dates" her. Do we mind if Martin double spaces? I agree it doesn't matter with a modern renderer.

Reviewer 3: Note that if you're using a typewriter, you can't white-out a double space.

Author: "Not a typewriter"
